hi I'm Abby brown one of the
choreographers for danced the world an
exclusive world classifications event
welcome to the Walt Disney World Resort
in Florida I can't think of a better
place to begin then under the cinderella
castle where dreams come true every day
the dance the world event is a dance
festival it is about personal best it is
not a performance competition however
your dance goal will be joined by some
of the most talented dance schools from
the United States Canada and Mexico we
came all the way from Mexico Sudan the
world
we've time this event to allow families
to make this the family vacation along
with the extra added benefit of their
son or daughter dancing in the number
one travel destination in the world it
was a great experience yeah it was
magical families can even extend their
stay if they wish we made it a whole
family vacation we're here for 10 days
and world classifications buying power
makes it very affordable we can take
care of every aspect of your trip so
your studio can focus on your
performance in addition to disney theme
park performance opportunities all the
answers directors families and friends
will receive disney hotel accommodations
park hopping privileges to all for
disney theme parks all transportation in
florida and the hospitality services of
the dance the world staff all dancers
will also receive a newly designed
parade costume a pair of ruby red
character shoes like these a dance the
world DVD and memories to last a
lifetime Plus each dance studio director
will take home a dance the world
disney-themed trophy the dancer world
event begins in your dance school
imagine your dancers performing this
parade routine in front of thousands of
people from all over the world and your
performance will have the Disney crowds
cheering a you dance along Main Street
USA the stage performance portion of the
dance alone event is held at the
Disney's Hollywood Studios premier
theater where each dance school will
choose their own music and their own
choreography imagine showcasing your
stage talent it disney's hollywood
studios home to some of the best stage
shows anywhere in the world dance will
also have the option to perform at
downtown disney at the beautiful
waterside stage where each dance school
also chooses their own performance
and dizzy dance workshops are also
available during your stay in Florida
the dance the world events concludes
with an optional spectacular gala dinner
party come celebrate your achievements
with your dance school and Dance Studios
from all over North America and enjoy a
fabulous dinner buffet pictures with the
characters the award presentations and
unforgettable danced through the decades
audience participation sequence
Oh
all topped off with our confetti drop
finale please contact us today you can
only accepted limited number of dance
schools so call us and we will show you
how easy you make it to be a part of the
magic and sedans the world
you